https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/ACM-34544 more updates grc mod (#8914)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/compliance_operator_policy.adoc

= Compliance Operator policy

[role="_abstract"]
You can install the Compliance Operator on your managed cluster by using the Compliance Operator policy. The Compliance operator policy is created as a Kubernetes configuration policy in {acm-short}. {ocp-short} supports the compliance operator policy.

> The Compliance Operator to automate the inspection of numerous technical implementations and compare those against certain aspects of industry standards, benchmarks, and baselines. The Compliance Operator is not an auditor. To be compliant or certified with these various standards, you need to engage an authorized auditor such as a Qualified Security Assessor (QSA), Joint Authorization Board (JAB), or other industry recognized regulatory authority to assess your environment.  

Reviewer: I am not getting "complete sentence" vibes on this one:

The Compliance Operator to automate the inspection of numerous technical implementations and compare those against certain aspects of industry standards, benchmarks, and baselines.

> The Compliance Operator to automate the inspection of numerous technical implementations and compare those against certain aspects of industry standards, benchmarks, and baselines. The Compliance Operator is not an auditor. To be compliant or certified with these various standards, you need to engage an authorized auditor such as a Qualified Security Assessor (QSA), Joint Authorization Board (JAB), or other industry recognized regulatory authority to assess your environment.  

Author: ```suggestion
The Compliance Operator automates the inspection of numerous technical implementations and compare those against certain aspects of industry standards, benchmarks, and baselines. The Compliance Operator is not an auditing tool. To be compliant or certified with these various standards, you need to engage an authorized auditor such as a Qualified Security Assessor (QSA), Joint Authorization Board (JAB), or other industry recognized regulatory authority to assess your environment.  
```
